{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh17940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
EN\
\
During ANRT research programme Gotico-Antiqua, Proto-Roman, Hybrid (http://gotico-antiqua.anrt-nancy.fr), Rafael Ribas & Alexis Faudot produced fourteen fonts and one set of initial letters. Based on a series of workshop sessions conducted between 2015 and 2018 in art & design schools across France and Germany, with over 150 students, the digital typefaces are the result of a thorough analysis and redesign of the originals.
\f1\b  
\f0\b0 \
\
Hamlet (also named Kessler-Blackletter), Hybrid designed by Edward Johnston, cut in three sizes (10, 12 and 18 pt) by Edward Prince for William Shakespeare's 
\f2\i Hamlet.
\f0\i0  Published by Harry Kessler\'92s Cranach Press in Weimar in 1929. The type is based on the Durandus for the lowercases, and Sweynheim & Pannartz\'92 Subiaco type for the capitals. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The type was used for trials in other books, none of which were completed.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Type design workshop at Bauhaus Universit\'e4t Weimar and Anna Amalia Bibliothek Weimar, January 2018.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
FR\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Dans le cadre du programme de recherche \cf0 Gotico-Antiqua, Proto-Romain, Hybride (http://gotico-antiqua.anrt-nancy.fr), Rafael Ribas & Alexis Faudot \cf2 Rafael Ribas, \'e9tudiants-chercheurs \'e0 l'ANRT (2017-2019), ont produit quatorze fontes et un ensemble de lettres initiales. Fond\'e9s sur une s\'e9rie d'ateliers men\'e9s entre 2015 et 2018 dans des \'e9coles d'art et de design en France et en Allemagne, r\'e9unissant plus de 150 \'e9tudiants, ces fontes num\'e9riques sont le r\'e9sultat d'une analyse approfondie et d'une refonte des originaux. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Hamlet (\'e9galement appel\'e9 Kessler-Blackletter), caract\'e8re hybride con\'e7u par Edward Johnston et grav\'e9 en trois tailles (10, 12 et 18 points) par Edward Prince pour 
\f2\i Hamlet
\f0\i0  de William Shakespeare. Publi\'e9 par Cranach Press d\'92Harry Kessler \'e0 Weimar en 1929. Le caract\'e8re est bas\'e9 sur le Durandus pour les minuscules et sur le Subiaco de Sweynheim & Pannartz pour les capitales. Il sera utilis\'e9 pour des essais d'autres livres, sans qu'aucun d\'92entre eux ne soit achev\'e9. Atelier de cr\'e9ation de caract\'e8res \'e0 la Bauhaus Universit\'e4t Weimar et \'e0 la Anna Amalia Bibliothek Weimar, janvier 2018. \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}